Assignment 2
1.	Why we need packages in java?
A package in Java is used to group related classes. Think of it as a folder in a file directory. We use packages to
 avoid name conflicts, and to write a better maintainable code.

2.	What is the default imported package?
J ava compiler imports java.lang package internally by default.

3.	What is Class? What is Object?
- A class is a user defined blueprint or prototype from which objects are created.  It represents the set of properties or
 methods that are common to all objects of one type
- Object -- an encapsulation of data along with functions that act upon that data.
  An object consists of:
  Name -- the variable name we give it
  Member data -- the data that describes the object
  Member functions -- behavior aspects of the object (functions related to the object itself)

4.	Why we need constructor?
- A constructor is a special method of a class that initializes new objects or instances of the class.
Without a constructor, you can't create instances of the class

5.	What is the default value of local variable? What is the default value of instance variable?
- There is no default value for local variables
- Instance variables have default values. For numbers, the default value is 0, for Booleans it is false, and for object
references it is null. Values can be assigned during the declaration or within the constructor.

6.	What is garbage collection?
garbage collection (GC) in the Java virtual machine (JVM) to automatically determine what memory is no longer being used
 by a Java application and to recycle this memory for other uses.

7.	The protected data can be accessed by subclasses or same package. True or false?
- True

8.	What is immutable class?
- Immutable class in java means that once an object is created, we cannot change its content

9.	What’s the difference between “==” and equals method?
- == checks if both objects point to the same memory location whereas . equals() evaluates to the comparison of values in
the objects

10.	What is wrapper class?
Wrapper classes provide a way to use primitive data types (int, boolean, etc..) as objects.

11.	What is autoboxing?
Autoboxing is the automatic conversion that the Java compiler makes between the primitive types and their corresponding
 object wrapper classes. For example, converting an int to an Integer, a double to a Double, and so on. If the
 conversion goes the other way, this is called unboxing.

12.	StringBuilder is threadsafe but slower than StringBuffer, true or false?
- False. StringBuilder is not threadsafe and faster than StringBuffer

13.	Constructor can be inherited, true or false?
Constructors are not members, so they are not inherited by subclasses, but the constructor of the superclass can be
invoked from the subclass

14.	How to call a super class’s constructor?
Use of super() to access superclass constructor. As we know, when an object of a class is created, its default
constructor is automatically called. To explicitly call the superclass constructor from the subclass constructor,
we use super() .

15.	Which class is the super class of all classes?
The class named Object is the super class of every class in Java.

